five free tools that'll help you rank
number one on google when i started in
the seo industry everything was manual
but luckily for you you don't have to go
through the same pain as me there are
five tools that will help you rank
number one tool number one uber suggests
you go to ubers you put in a url what
does it do it'll tell you how much
traffic that site gets how many
backlinks the top pages what's the most
popular keywords or you can put in a
keyword and it'll tell you all the other
keywords that you can end up ranking for
that are really popular one cool feature
that i love on ubercs is there's a rank
number one potential and what this
feature does is when you're doing
keyword research you put in your domain
by clicking that button and it tells you
all the keywords that you've shot for
ranking on page one for
what's also cool with uber says is
they'll analyze your site through the
seo analyzer tell you all the errors and
which ones to fix first second and third
based on impact
and you can also create a project for
free put in the keywords you want to
rank for if you don't have any keywords
it'll suggest them for you and it'll
tell you what to do each and every
single week to improve your rankings
tool number two subscribers look with
seo a big part of rankings is branding
google wants to rank brands and they
even said they look at sites like new
york times on an irs on one side and
then they look at sites like joe the
plumber on another site in other words
they prefer brands because they know
brands are going to be less likely to
create fake information or you know not
give bad financial advice or bad health
advice so how do you create a brand you
got to get someone to keep coming back
to your website now you can ask people
for email but a lot of people don't like
giving their emails but with subscribers
it's push notification when someone
lands on your website within the browser
ask them do you want to subscribe they
just click a yes or no and then you can
send them notifications within your
browser kind of like how facebook says
through push notification hey it's your
friend's birthday today and this will
keep getting people back to your site so
whenever you publish a blog post you
send out a push notification to
subscribers you get tons of traffic
right then and there and that helps you
get more social shares and some of those
people may even link to you tool number
three google search console my favorite
part about google search console is
anytime you look at your pages that are
driving your traffic it'll show you all
the keywords that drive traffic that
page look at all the keywords that you
included in that content and all the
keywords you did not because even though
you're getting traffic from some of
these keywords and getting a lot of
impressions but low clicks sometimes
it's because you didn't include that
keyword in your title or meta
description or on that page adjust your
content keep doing that over time and
it'll help boost your rankings another
thing i like doing within google search
consoles i like looking at all the pages
i'm getting traffic for right now
versus what the traffic used to be a
year ago what are the pages that lost
traffic forget what gain traffic i need
to fix the ones that lost traffic so
what i do is i go to that page in search
console i see all the keywords that
dropped in traffic i google them i see
all the people are ranking above me and
i compare that page with my page what
are they doing better and then improve
it make it way better than theirs tool
number four
answer the public it's a great tool to
see keyword opportunities in a visual
format one of my favorite tools out
there put in a keyword it'll show you
all these other opportunities in a
really
beautiful way and it more so shows you
questions that people are asking because
look a lot of the searches that people
use on google are questions answer them
and answer the public will show you
which ones that you need to be answering
to get more traffic so that way you can
get millions of visitors just like cora
tool number five buzzsumo buzzsumo shows
you hey here's what's popular on
facebook and pinterest and other social
networks if you're going to create
content you want to get the shares yeah
these social networks is getting harder
and harder to get the shares but if you
use buzzsumo you can see what's worked
in popularity and what has it
don't do the stuff that isn't working do
the stuff that is working even for your
competitors you can put in their domain
name see all their popular pages and use
that to figure out what you should be
doing as well
now if you need help with your seo and
your marketing check out my ad agency np
digital or if you have any questions
leave a comment below i'm here to help
and answer any of your questions if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much